It was just brilliant. We had such fun. It was just, you know, everybody was in the show,
or a lot of people were in the show, so there was that camaraderie that you get anyway.
You know, you build friendships quicker when you're in amateur dramatics of any type.
You bond in such a way. And we just had so many laughs, arguments and laughs. It was amazing.
When we started to do the shows, the Zioner ladies used to cook a three-course meal for a hundred-odd people.
They'd be in the kitchen all day in between rehearsing, in the heat of the kitchen, arguing with each other.
And then they'd come on the stage laughing, you know, smiling, etc. But the camaraderie was unbelievable.
Unbelievable. They would never get outside of the provinces.
And when you think Cardiff is a small community, and you would imagine that Liverpool, Manchester, would have these great things going on,
nobody had that. Nobody had that. The ladies used to come from the head office in London, Zioner,
and they used to come and they used to marvel at the community.
The shows, you know, they weren't brilliant when we started because the majority had never been on stage before.
But the camaraderie, you could touch, you could feel it. It swamped you.
And you've been here a little bit over 40 years. Yeah.
What changes have you noticed in that time then? It must have changed.
Oh, so much. The dwindling of the community. The dwindling of the community.
Really, Wolf is a great person for really giving everybody a kick to keep that community together as best she can.
There's still key people here. Another lady, Judy Cotson. Judy and Hayden Cotson.
Brilliant at attempting to keep the community together. But it's the dwindling community, which is great sadness.
Not a kosher butcher here anymore. Kosher butcher has to come from away.
So how are you managing that? Are you ordered from London?
Yeah, I mean a lot of us have got kids in London, so we'll go and we'll stock up a bit. Good old freezer, etc.
The kosher butcher does come once a week and has a little place, it's like Anatevka, if you go on the roof, by the synagogue.
Yeah, the van pulls up and they go into their little hut and sell their wares.